My_secondfavorite_food:
In India, mutton often refers to goat meat instead of sheep. It is cooked in numerous delicious ways. This simple, yet delicious version of goat curry or mutton curry is also easy to put together, and you can use goat meat or sheep. Goat curry or is delicious served with plain rice, a salad, and raita. If you thicken the gravy, it tastes just as good with hot, freshly made chapatis.


Ingredients
2 pounds goat or sheep leg (cut into suitable bite-sized chunks)
4 tablespoons vegetable oil (or canola or sunflower cooking oil)
2 large onions (sliced thin)
2 large tomatoes (diced)
2 tablespoons garlic paste
1 tablespoon ginger paste
2 teaspoons coriander powder
1 teaspoon cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon red chili powder
2 teaspoons garam masala powder
Salt (to taste)
Garnish: coriander (chopped)
Steps to Make It
Gather the ingredients.


 
Heat the cooking oil in a heavy bottomed pan, on medium heat.


When hot, add the onions. Sauté until the onions begin to turn a pale golden brown. Now remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Turn off the heat.

Cooking onions down.
 
Grind the onions into a smooth paste (adding very little to no water) in a food processor. Once done, remove into a separate container.

Onion paste.
 
Now grind the tomatoes, garlic, and ginger pastes together in the food processor, into a smooth paste. Remove into a separate container and keep aside for later use.

Tomatoes, garlic and ginger in the blender.
 
Heat the oil left over from frying the onion and add the onion paste. Sauté for 2 to 3 minutes.

Cooking onion paste.
 
Now add the tomato paste and all the powdered spices, including the garam masala. Mix well.

Seeasonings and onion paste.
Sauté the resulting masala (onion-tomato-spice mixture) until the oil begins to separate from it. This can take up to 10 minutes to happen.

Masala
Next, add the goat/mutton pieces to the masala, season with salt to taste and stir to fully coat the goat/mutton pieces with the masala. Sauté until the goat/mutton is browned well.

Add 1/2 a cup of hot water to the pan, stir to mix well, simmer the heat and cover the pan. Cook till the goat/ mutton is tender. You will need to keep checking on the goat/mutton as it cooks and adding more water if all the water dries up. Stir often to prevent burning. The dish should have a fairly thick gravy when done.

Cooking goat and masala.
When the meat is cooked, garnish with chopped coriander and serve with hot chapatis (Indian flatbread), naan (tandoor-baked Indian flatbread) or plain boiled rice.

Goat or mutton curry.
Enjoy!